I am about to work this $10 million
job as a professional athlete.
And I'm going to show you
the difference between this
and getting paid $200,000
to be an astronaut.
This is insane.
Getting paid $100,000 to dig up
real dinosaur bones.
Oh, my God.
And so many other jobs,
starting with the lowest paying job
I could find.
Gold panning, that can make as little
as $1 a year.
But we're going
to make millions.
Statistically, not.
Basically, gold panners put dirt
in this mechanism, and with enough
shaking and water, all of the gold
is filtered out to the bottom.
But it's not very easy
because after 5 hours of searching,
I was definitely not rich.
Oh, boys. I found gold.
How much is that
little nugget worth?
That is $0.02.
Exactly my point.
You could do this for a whole year
and only make a dollar.
But luckily for us,
we're going to be working jobs
that pay over $10 million per year.
But first, let's see
what it looks like to work a job
that pays $100,000 per year.
Digging up dinosaur bones
for a museum.
And yes, these are fake
because they're all dead.
So this is just one of our pits.
- Are these actually dinosaur bones?
- They are.
I've been here
17 years.
This is easily
the largest bone that I've ever
worked on in my career.
This is your thigh bone right here,
and it's over four feet tall.
For comparison, here's
that dinosaur next to six Karls
stacked on top of each other.
Keep in mind, I'm six five.
These
are mini jackhammers, essentially.
You're doing it.
He has no idea what he's doing.
No idea.
Now, this may come as a surprise,
but we are God awful at this.
Be careful.
It took us 5 hours
to make any progress whatsoever.
But even with us holding him
back with the help of the expert,
we were getting somewhere.
This is easily the largest bone that
I've ever worked on in my career.
- And you let me and Karl touch that?
- Absolutely.
What if we mess it up?
Josh, how much does this weigh?
Probably going to be 2-250.
- Pounds?
- Yep.
This is 1/10
the weight of Nolan's mom.
God that’s wild!
Now, because this bone is
so ancient,
we have to cover it in a cast
before we pick it up.
Or else it could
literally break in half.
Let's hope it doesn't fall apart
when we lift it.
One, two, three.
Yes, highway baby.
Good job.
This is the first time any humans
have ever carried this bone.
Just Youtubers carrying a dinosaur bone.
Front of the table.
One, two, lift.
Watch your hand, Karl.
And believe it or not,
this dinosaur bone did find
its way into a museum.
But because museums are boring.
Let's head over to the $200,000 job,
astronaut training with NASA
and my first mission.
Learn
to drive the official lunar rover.
This is what will one day
be on the moon?
Yeah. This is how we're going to get
around the surface of the moon.
Why are they letting me drive this?
Open the doors.
How do I work this thing?
- Push forward on a stick.
- Right now?
Yeah, go for it.
Push forward.
Jimmy, don't kill us.
I'm scared.
You good.
Oh, this is amazing.
- Go ahead and twist.
- To the right?
To the right or left, I don't care.
Oh, my God. They're cars.
Is this street legal?
Street legal around here.
Oh, this is amazing.
Why are we driving sideways?
I haven't figured out
how to straight it yet.
And even though I'm driving
like I'm actually drunk,
I still managed to get us to NASA's
lunar training yard,
where the real
test is going to be.
Oh, we're offroading.
Oh, God.
Oh, it's getting bumpy.
You're going to let me drive it
down this hill?
Is there seat belts in this thing?
There's a seat belt
we don't use right there.
They've got seat belts they don't use,
that's helpful
Oh, that's way too steep.
No way.
Are we really going down?
Can I get that seat belt now?
Oh, my God.
Wait, we're going down the hill sideways.
Stop it, stop the car.
Lift your hand
so they can see I'm driving.
He's actually…
I'll get up and let Nick-
No, sit there.
- Do I go sideways in the crater?
- Sure.
Hold me, Karl.
Hold me.
Lannan, I'm just going to say it,
you wouldn't survive on the moon.
I reckon I could do it.
Next in training,
NASA showed me around
their enormous space facility.
Holy crap.
This is the second
largest pool on Earth,
which, I'll be honest,
just felt like they were flexing on,
especially when they showed me
the space suit.
As far as anybody is concerned,
once you try on a spacesuit,
you're an astronaut.
But of course, there was a catch.
When you go on a spacewalk,
do you have to wear a diaper?
You're in the suit for 12 hours.
There you go.
Like an actual real adult diaper, Okay.
So be careful.
This is a space artifact.
It's flown on the space shuttle
several times.
- So real astronauts have worn this.
- Yes.
Keep in mind
that astronaut peed in this.
Have you peed in this suit?
I have not in the suit.
Okay.
When's the next mission?
What are you doing a year from now?
- I can make time.
- Okay.
And the final step of my training
was the craziest thing
I've ever done.
They were going to
let me touch the moon.
No, no.
Lean back into it
because it weighs 9,000 pounds.
This weighs 9,000 pounds.
Nice
This is the largest collection
of moon rocks
on display anywhere in the world.
I can't believe they letting us do this.
You realize, we're just a YouTube channel?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
These are just straight up on the moon.
What are the odds you'll
let me touch the Genesis Rock?
Zero.
Yesterday,
we dug up a dinosaur fossils.
I'm an expert in this kind of stuff.
Can I touch it?
- No.
- I tried.
This material here
is actually lunar soil.
No way bro.
So you're actually touching the moon
right now.
Oh, that's wild.
So that tube has dirt from the moon
and has not been open since it came back.
And since you haven't checked,
in theory, there could be an alien.
Yes.
Well, it would be the first
from the moon.
- Wait, you guys heard that?
- From the moon? He said from the moon!
And after we
found out aliens are totally real,
we head into the stratosphere
for our next job
where Karl and Nolan
are going to fly a plane.
- I've never flown a plane before.
- We have no idea what we're doing.
Welcome to the first day of flight
training.
I'm not joking, for the boys
to somehow fly a real plane.
All they have to do is land
one time in this flight simulator
All right, here we have our throttle.
Pulling it back makes it go slower.
Just like that.
Oh. Oh, my God.
And after Nolan crashed.
Oh, God.
And crash. And crash.
You crashed the plane?!
He eventually did land successfully,
which, for whatever
reason, gave him the keys
to fly this real plane.
Yo, I'm freaking out.
Hey, if you can't do this, Nolan, please
for love of God, let them know now.
Oh, my God. I'm
going to fly a plane.
Oh, my God.
All right, you ready to go?
As ready as I'll ever be.
- Full throttle.
- Approaching 60.
Kind of wobbly, but now,
just pull back a little bit.
We're taking off.
- There you go.
- Oh my God.
Your life is in my hands.
He's literally controlling
this entire thing.
Yes, he is, all by himself.
Turbulence has never caused a crash, right?
Oh, well.
Watch this, I'm going to turn right.
No.
Turn right.
Oh my God, we're sideways.
I can't believe that
I'm controlling this thing.
Look, no hands.
Stop.
Oh, sweet Jesus.
You moron.
I'm going to murder you.
All right, we're going
to go over there in a minute,
we're going
to go back and land.
Oh, my God.
I forgot.
That's the one thing,
it's always a challenge for people.
All right, I'm descending.
My mental health is descending also.
This is the part I crashed it
every time in the simulator.
Oh, God.
We're going to land right there
on top of that runway.
Oh, my God.
Wait, we're too close, right?
Keep it pointed right down the middle.
- Oh, my God.
- Easy.
Keep your hand on the throttle.
You're going to wait to pull back.
Just breathe.
Here we go.
We touched ground.
- You did it, man.
- I landed a plane.
Oh my God.
He said I couldn't do it,
but we're still here.
You didn't kill me.
I was genuinely surprised
the job that pays
$1 million a year is hand modeling.
But only if you're
one of the highest paid
hand models in the world.
She makes five times the average
salary of a doctor by letting people
take photos of her hand
and her resume is stacked.
She's hand modeled for almost any
brand you've ever heard of.
Her hands are even insured
for $1,000,000 per hand.
I can't wait to see this in action.
So to start us off,
she examined our hands.
I didn't know that today was going to be
the day that I'd find new insecurities.
Okay, so immediately
I can see the nails need work.
- Of course.
- I agreed.
These
hands suck. Okay.
Look how much hair is here
compared to Karl’s.
Can I get paid more for that?
The skin texture
might be better here with these two.
Can you change me?
I don't know if I can work miracles,
but I haven't seen your hands yet, Jimmy.
Your hands like glow.
- That's crazy.
- Why are your hands so glossy?
I don't know.
Are my finger structures good?
Yeah, no they're
very good actually.
But again, we've got cuticle issues,
skin issues here.
But that can all be fixed.
Our hands clearly needed work,
so we had to prepare them to shoot,
which was pretty easy
for me and Karl.
But for Lazar, not so much.
Oh, God.
Bro, you can make
a rug out of all that hair.
This hair has been with me my whole life,
but you got to do what you got to do
if you want to make a million dollars.
And now that my hands are no longer
disgusting,
we're going to model
for an actual magazine.
And these photos are literally going
to be shown on billboards
all across America
to promote these watches.
- That's petrifying.
- Yeah. No pressure.
Okay.
I mean, the watch looks good.
I honestly thought this was going
to be easy, but we were actually
horrible at this.
It looks like the watch is on a snake.
Bro, this is so hard.
Can I see the difference with you
doing it?
- What?
- Unreal.
The product looks better because
your hand doesn't shake as much.
But being a hand model isn't
all about wearing nice watches.
Sometimes you have to model
weird things.
Why are you squirming?
Because I see a man
holding a snake off camera.
Breathe, Karl. Breathe.
Put your other hand out here
and kind of support his head.
Yeah, of course.
One final thing I need to throw in
the mix is Immortals of Aveum,
the sponsor of this video.
Just hold that right there.
Okay, perfect.
Now, he's modeling the watch, a snake
and this game.
Yo, look at that, that looks crazy.
Immortals of Aveum
is a first person magic shooter
where your player is a battle mage
named Jack trying to save the world, Karl.
Can he save me?
This time, I need you to model the Xbox
version of the game with a scorpion.
No way, bro.
You want to grab between there and here.
Is this actually safe
for the animal?
Yes. Perfect. Perfect.
Get it, get it. Go. Go. Talk,
talk and go and talk about the game.
You can sling 25 different types
of magic spells
and unlock 80 different talents
to customize your character
to suit your play style.
Karl, you think Immortals of Aveum
is going to love that photo?
Immortals of Aveum, I hope you love this.
Karl, just hold the scary animals
and then, we get to go be NFL players.
The people who created Immortals of Aveum
also helped make
the award-winning campaigns
of Halo, Call of Duty and Dead Space.
We love those campaigns.
Oh, it's moving.
And the cool thing is they put me in
the game as a boss.
And if you kill me in the game,
you get more gold
than any other boss
the game gives you.
Nah, I got you. I got you.
Just don't look.
Immortals of Aveum
is out now with a free trial on Xbox
as well as PS5.
And there's a free demo
available on Steam.
I feel it under me.
It's under my hands.
We were doing such a bad job
that we had the hand
model step in to ensure
the sponsor would
approve of the photos.
Click the link in the description.
If you want to play Immortals of Aveum
right now.
I'm retiring as a hand model,
and even though
our photos weren't great,
we still got them on billboards
across the country.
And now it was finally time
for the job that pays
$10 million per year.
That's right.
I'm about to literally join the NFL.
This is literally my dream.
And if you think this is all fake,
here I am signing a real contract
to become a literal player
for the Buccaneers
worth $10 million.
It might say we're not going to pay it,
but it at least says that dollar amount.
No, no, focus on the dollar amount.
And now it's official.
Congratulations.
So for the next 48 hours,
I'm officially a player.
You are officially a player.
I promise I won't let you down.
I promise he will let you down.
By the end of my contract
I'm going to be running out
with the team on the field
in front of 60,000 fans.
First step is weight training.
It might be too light, let's go up.
Let's go up. Easy.
I don't actually think
they're paying me the 10 million.
Easy! Easy!
Are you a winner or are you a Falcon?
Easy.
Yeah!
I notice they yell at you a lot
when you're an NFL player.
Can you set it to whatever the
strongest player in your team does?
I'm going to see if I can do one.
He can do 12 of these?
Holy crap.
He's not a normal human.
I would hate to be hit by him.
- One more!
- Yeah!
- Football!
- Easy!
Come on.
Why is the NFL so hard?
How is this compared
to their typical workouts?
It's pretty pathetic.
Hopefully the lightheadedness goes
away.
It will. You get used to it.
Okay.
Up next was my first practice
at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
training facility.
So naturally I met my coach.
Hello MrBeast! I'm the coach.
How you doing?
Good!
And my new teammates.
Nice to meet you, man.
My name's Shaq.
My kids love you.
I love your videos.
the candy bars, the Karl Gummies.
Oh really?
Yeah!
And my new teammates couldn't
believe that
I actually signed with the team,
so I showed them
my contract to prove it.
This is the same one
you guys signed?
You got more money than me though.
I ain't getting much
But if you read it says
"Unless it's canceled in 48 hours..."
We're still going to cancel. Yeah.
Look at the five.
Y'all look at the parentheses for sure.
Hey, you're official.
Welcome to the team.
- Thank you. My new teammates over here.
- You got to work hard.
These guys
make us look like children.
They're so big.
Look at the size comparison.
I'll be honest, I've never
played football before, so
they threw me on as kicker, which...
I was terrible at.
Mr. Beast, we need you out here!
We got to get ready for tomorrow.
You're right.
You're right. You're. I'll QB.
And since I've never played
quarterback before either.
I just threw it up
as far as I could.
That's touchdown.
In case you didn't know, the team
I just joined
is the same team
Tom Brady won the Super Bowl with,
so I thought it'd be funny
to surprise him.
Oh, we got him, Tom.
Oh, I almost got hit.
TB, what's up baby?
- What's up, TB?
- What's up, bro?
How my boys doing?
I have a friend here
who might literally die of happiness
if you say hi to him.
You can't do this to me.
Lannan, I love you, bro.
I'm dead.
After that, our practice
just devolved into shenanigans.
Little man.
- Tareq.
- Too small, yeah.
You could go back to filming.
All right, guys. See y'all.
Some people still have some
questions about my two day contract.
So afterwards the Bucs
set up a press conference for me.
We obviously have a big game.
I'm expecting very serious questions only.
Is this just a publicity stunt?
Why are you really here?
To make the best video possible.
Yes, it's a publicity stunt
I clearly am not an NFL player.
Jimmy, how does it feel
being on a new team?
It feels great, to be honest.
They've accepted me way more than
I thought.
How much playing time are you expecting?
None.
And after
explaining over and over again
that it's just a stunt,
I went to go get measured.
Six foot four and a half.
Six, four and a half?
Karl, you're six five.
- I'm six five. Yeah.
- Yeah.
These measurements are key
so that my gear and my uniform
are all custom fitting.
- This actually looks so good.
- There we go.
And now that I'm suited up,
it's time for the official game day.
I still don't know why
they're letting me do this.
But hey, thanks, Bucs.
Are you surprised
they let me join the team?
Yes.
That's my first football
I've ever signed.
Jimmy's about to come out any second now.
They say if you get up by 100,
I can play a play.
Do me a favor and get up super hot.
Sounds good.
It's his first game and probably
his last.
Definitely his last.
How is this happening?
Fire
the cannons!
That's great...
And since this is the only
NFL game I'll ever be a part of,
the team, actually,
let me lead them out the tunnel.
Let's go, boys.
Yeah!
- Jimmy!
- That's our friend.
Let's not get run over by the players.
Yeah!
Is it the best day of your life?
This is the best day of
my life, Jimmy. I love you.
We're getting passed by the players.
Jimmy's an NFL player.
- How's it going?
- Let's go, Bucks.
I won't let you guys down,
even though I probably won't get play time.
- I love America.
- That's a big plane!
America.
Let's play football. Yeah!
Huge shout out to the Buccaneers
for making me an official NFL player.
It's honestly
a good thing that I didn't play
because if they hit me,
I probably would have died.
And I thought it was all over there
until the Falcons tweeted this.
So, in retaliation,
I'm nuking their stadium.